[Music]
boy do you love riddles as much as I do
although I must confess that despite my
attachment to them I wasn't so great at
solving them but I didn't give up and
kept practicing and do you want to find
out how good you are at this then here
you go and you'll find out your results
at the end of the video number one a
forgotten pin no not the pointy kind the
number kind Emma's mother asked the girl
to go to the supermarket and gave her a
shopping list and a bank card but in
case Emma forgot the pin of the credit
card her mom also gave her a little clue
when Emma was already at the register
she understood that she had indeed
forgotten the pin can you say what
number it was if the clue was a sheet of
paper with a fly a cat a girl and a
snake drawn on it you have just ten
seconds to figure out the answer
the pin was six four two zero Emma just
had to count the numbers of legs of each
creature number two a bad liar Ms Nelson
an art teacher at school had to organize
an event and a big concert was a part of
it but the event had to take place the
next day and she still needed to find
one more performer
there were several talented students at
her school and she decided to invite
them but Daniel who played the guitar
very well told his teacher that he had
lent his instrument to a friend and
wouldn't get it back anytime soon
Sofia who was an amazing singer answered
the teacher that she had a sore throat
and couldn't sing it all and Luna who
was a professional dancer claimed that
just a few days before she had sprained
her ankle and the doctor had prohibited
her to move this leg too much Ms Nelson
was very upset but could do nothing to
change the situation but when she saw
these three students at the concert the
next day she found out that one of them
had lied to her who was it and how did
she understand it
[Music]
Luna had lied to her teacher if she had
sprained her ankle she wouldn't have
been able to wear high heels number
three the robbery of the year James came
to visit his friend Ethan the guys were
chilling on the sofa watching TV eating
pizza and having some drinks suddenly
James phone call James had to leave for
a while and soon after his departure
Ethan felt unwell and fainted when James
returned he saw that Ethan was lying on
the floor
and the apartment was in a mess Ethan
luckily came to his senses before the
police arrived he told the officer that
the robbers had stolen all his money and
electronics he kept in his safe the only
question that detective asked was if
Ethan touched anything on the table
after James had left when he heard the
negative answer he immediately arrested
James can you figure out why
[Music]
there are ice cubes in the glasses on
the table if they had been the same
drink the friends had been drinking
before James left the ice would have
melted long ago it means that James put
something in Ethan's glass to knock him
out took all the money in electronics
and replaced the drinks with fresh ones
before the police arrived
number four a great summer vacation
three college friends met after a summer
break
Lily described how she and her boyfriend
had gone to Paris and seen the city from
the top of the Eiffel Tower Dylan told
his friends that he had traveled to
Africa with his parents but on their
last day there was a massive volcanic
eruption and it didn't spoil the rest
only because they flew home that day and
Ellie said that she had visited her
uncle in Texas and learned to ride a
horse very well she even participated in
some competitions of course all the
stories were great but one of them was
fake which one was it
Dillons story is fake he couldn't fly
home on the day of the eruption because
when something like this happens all
flights get canceled number five a
matchstick equation this matchstick
equation seems correct nine minus three
equals six but can you move just one
matchstick to get another correct
equation you have ten seconds to do it
[Music]
there is not one but two correct answers
here three plus three equals six and
eight minus three equals five six theif
the Sprinter detective Jackson Jones was
walking along the street when he heard
people shouting and saw an elderly lady
sitting on the ground and people
crowding around it turned out that some
man grabbed the lady's bag pushed her to
the ground and sprinted away the
detective ran in the direction witnesses
showed him turned the corner and saw
three doors he knocked on the first one
and the apartment owner Daniel opened
the door the man told Jones he had just
returned from a five mile long run a man
called Jacob opened the second door he
said that he had been playing basketball
in the backyard and behind a third door
there was Mike a musician he explained
that he had just finished composing a
new piece of music after visiting all
these apartments detective Jones
immediately realized who was the thief
can you do the same within ten seconds
[Music]
the thief is Jacob he claimed that he
was playing basketball but he was
holding a football number seven a
mysterious number Luke had an older
brother who was always teasing him by
calling him a baby when Luke finally
went to school he hoped that his brother
wouldn't call him little anymore but
when the boy returned home after the
very first school day his brother
started again primary school is for
babies everything you learn is so easy
then Luke decided to teach his brother a
lesson okay then how about you solve a
riddle our teacher gave us today Luke's
brother agreed without hesitation if you
take away half of this number you'll get
nothing what is this number
even after thinking for a while Luke's
brother didn't manage to solve the
riddle and can you do it in 10 seconds
this number is eight take away its top
part and you'll get zero eight the
missing number look at this table with
numbers and within 10 seconds try to
guess which numbers should go to the
empty space but I must give you a hint
it's not six this riddle test your
memory skills and to be honest it's a
bit on the prank side but if you answer
that in the empty space there should be
the letter R you're absolutely right
because it's not some mathematic
equation it's a car's manual gearshift
and R stands for a reverse nine stolen
cows
Littlefield was a tiny village where
people didn't even get fines for illegal
parking but one day something terrible
happened in this quiet place mr.
Richardson a rich farmer arrived at the
police station in tears saying that two
of his best cows were missing there were
three suspects and each of them had to
answer just one question have you taken
your neighbor's animals mr. Anderson
said that he had nothing to do with it
because he and mr. Richardson had a
common business and he wouldn't risk
their partnership mrs. Martinez stated
that she had been living in this village
since birth and she wouldn't spoil her
reputation because of some animals and
mr. Jones explained that since his
family had been breeding pigs for
centuries he didn't have any reasons to
steal cows the police officer managed to
figure out who the criminal was can you
[Music]
the thief is mr. Jones how did he know
that it was cows that were stolen nobody
had told him the animal species now have
you been waiting for the best part your
results here you go if you crack zero
two three riddles
it may mean one of the two things either
it was just a bad day for such an
intense brain workout or you're new to
this whole riddle solving business if
your number is four to six solve riddles
you're halfway to the great riddle
champion title just a bit more
concentration next time and the gold
medal is yours if you guess the correct
answers for seven to nine riddles let me
express my admiration because I got
stuck somewhere along the way from now
on I'll call you the riddle guru hey if
you learned something new today then
give the video a like and share it with
a friend and here are some other videos
I think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right and remember stay on the
bright side of life